TELCODOCS-852 - Document New Features (4.12 Telco-RAN) (#54503)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-12-release-notes.adoc

Components with versions earlier than those above are still supported, but are deprecated. These versions are still fully supported, but version 4.12 of {product-title} requires vSphere virtual hardware version 15 or later. For more information, see xref:../release_notes/ocp-4-12-release-notes#ocp-4-12-deprecated-removed-features[Deprecated and removed features].

Failing to meet the above requirements prevents {product-title} from upgrading to {product-title} 4.13 or later.

> [id="ocp-4-12-cluster-capabilities"]

Author: Approvalss for this change are in PR https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/54585/

[id="scalability-and-performance-talm-updates"]
==== {cgu-operator-first}

{cgu-operator-first} now provides more detailed status information and messages, and redesigned conditions. 
You can use the `ClusterLabelSelector` field for greater flexibility in selecting clusters for update.
You can use timeout settings to determine what happens if an update fails for a cluster, for example, skipping the failing cluster and continuing to upgrade other clusters, or stopping policy remediation for all clusters. 
For more information see xref:../scalability_and_performance/cnf-talm-for-cluster-upgrades.adoc[Topology Aware Lifecycle Manager for cluster updates].

[id="scalability-and-performance-mount-namespace"]
==== Mount namespace encapsulation (Technology Preview)

> Encapsulation is the process of moving all Kubernetes-specific mount points to an alternative namespace to reduce the visibility and performance impact of a large number of mount points in the default namespace. Previously, mount namespace encapsulation has been deployed transparently in OpenShift Container Platform specifically for Distributed Units (DUs) installed using the ZTP process. In OpenShift Container Platform v4.12, this proven functionality is being rolled out to all customers as a configurable option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Encapsulation is the process of moving all Kubernetes-specific mount points to an alternative namespace to reduce the visibility and performance impact of a large number of mount points in the default namespace. Previously, mount namespace encapsulation has been deployed transparently in {product-title} specifically for Distributed Units (DUs) installed using GitOps ZTP. In {product-title} v4.12, this proven functionality is being rolled out to all customers as a configurable option.
```

Author: thanks. Done

A standard host operating system uses systemd to constantly scan all mount namespaces: both the standard Linux mounts and the numerous mounts that Kubernetes uses to operate. The current implementation of Kubelet and CRI-O both use the top-level namespace for all container and Kubelet mount points. Encapsulating these container-specific mount points in a private namespace reduces systemd overhead and enhances CPU performance. Encapsulation can also improve security, by storing Kubernetes-specific mount points in a location safe from inspection by unprivileged users. 

> For more information, see xref:../scalability_and_performance/optimizing-cpu-usage.adoc[Optimizing CPU usage with mount namespace encapsulation]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see xref:../scalability_and_performance/optimizing-cpu-usage.adoc#optimizing-cpu-usage[Optimizing CPU usage with mount namespace encapsulation].
```

Author: Thanks - done

[id="ocp-4-12-ztp-sno-workload-partitioning"]
==== Changing the workload partitioning CPU set in {sno} clusters that are deployed with GitOps ZTP

You can configure the workload partitioning CPU set in {sno} clusters that you deploy with GitOps ZTP.
To do this, you specify cluster management CPU resources with the `cpuset` field of the `SiteConfig` custom resource (CR) and the `reserved` field of the group `PolicyGenTemplate` CR.
The value that you set for `cpuset` should match the value set in the cluster `PerformanceProfile` CR `.spec.cpu.reserved` field for workload partitioning.

> For more information, see xref:../scalability_and_performance/ztp_far_edge/ztp-reference-cluster-configuration-for-vdu.adoc#ztp-workload-partitioning-sno_sno-configure-for-vdu#ztp-using-hub-cluster-templates-with-talm_ztp-advanced-policy-config[Workload partitioning in {sno} with GitOps ZTP]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see xref:../scalability_and_performance/ztp_far_edge/ztp-advanced-policy-config.adoc#ztp-using-hub-cluster-templates_ztp-advanced-policy-config[Using hub templates in PolicyGenTemplate CRs]. 
```

Author: done

==== Hub and spoke cluster support (Technology Preview)

For hub and spoke deployments in an environment that can access the internet, you can use the kernel module management (KMM) Operator deployed in the hub cluster to manage the deployment of the required kernel modules to one or more managed clusters. 
[id="scalability-and-performance-talm-updates"]
==== {cgu-operator-first}

{cgu-operator-first} now provides more detailed status information and messages, and redesigned conditions. 

> You can use the `ClusterLabelSelector` field for greater flexibility in selecting clusters for update.

Reviewer 2: Maybe put _for example_ at the beginning for clarity.

Reviewer 2: Sorry! I read _for update_ as _for example_.

You can use timeout settings to determine what happens if an update fails for a cluster, for example, skipping the failing cluster and continuing to upgrade other clusters, or stopping policy remediation for all clusters. 
For more information see xref:../scalability_and_performance/cnf-talm-for-cluster-upgrades.adoc[Topology Aware Lifecycle Manager for cluster updates].

[id="scalability-and-performance-mount-namespace"]
==== Mount namespace encapsulation (Technology Preview)

> Encapsulation is the process of moving all Kubernetes-specific mount points to an alternative namespace to reduce the visibility and performance impact of a large number of mount points in the default namespace. Previously, mount namespace encapsulation has been deployed transparently in {product-title} specifically for Distributed Units (DUs) installed using GitOps ZTP. In {product-title} v4.12, this proven functionality is now available as a configurable option.

Reviewer 2: s/{product-title}/{product-title},

I might remove _proven_. It sounds to me like marketing-speak.

Author: True. I've removed it.

A standard host operating system uses systemd to constantly scan all mount namespaces: both the standard Linux mounts and the numerous mounts that Kubernetes uses to operate. The current implementation of Kubelet and CRI-O both use the top-level namespace for all container and Kubelet mount points. Encapsulating these container-specific mount points in a private namespace reduces systemd overhead and enhances CPU performance. Encapsulation can also improve security, by storing Kubernetes-specific mount points in a location safe from inspection by unprivileged users. 

For more information, see xref:../scalability_and_performance/optimizing-cpu-usage.adoc#optimizing-cpu-usage[Optimizing CPU usage with mount namespace encapsulation].

[id="ocp-4-12-ztp-sno-workload-partitioning"]
==== Changing the workload partitioning CPU set in {sno} clusters that are deployed with GitOps ZTP

You can configure the workload partitioning CPU set in {sno} clusters that you deploy with GitOps ZTP.
To do this, you specify cluster management CPU resources with the `cpuset` field of the `SiteConfig` custom resource (CR) and the `reserved` field of the group `PolicyGenTemplate` CR.

> The value that you set for `cpuset` should match the value set in the cluster `PerformanceProfile` CR `.spec.cpu.reserved` field for workload partitioning.

Reviewer 3: /lgtm

> For more information, see xref:../scalability_and_performance/ztp_far_edge/ztp-advanced-policy-config.adoc#ztp-using-hub-cluster-templates_ztp-advanced-policy-config[Using hub templates in PolicyGenTemplate CRs].

Reviewer: For more information, see xref:../scalability_and_performance/ztp_far_edge/ztp-reference-cluster-configuration-for-vdu.adoc#ztp-sno-du-enabling-workload-partitioning_sno-configure-for-vdu[Workload partitioning].

[id="ocp-4-12-ztp-hub-templates"]
==== RHACM hub template functions now available for use with GitOps ZTP

Hub template functions are now available for use with GitOps ZTP using {rh-rhacm-first} and {cgu-operator-first}.
Hub-side cluster templates reduce the need to create separate policies for many clusters with similiar configurations but with different values.

> For more information, see xref:../scalability_and_performance/ztp_far_edge/ztp-advanced-policy-config.adoc#ztp-using-hub-cluster-templates-with-talm_ztp-advanced-policy-config[Using hub templates in PolicyGenTemplate CRs].

Reviewer 2: I think this link is wrong. It is going to the top of the assembly, not the module. 
Also, should this link to the same module as the previous link?

Reviewer: Yes - use `../scalability_and_performance/ztp_far_edge/ztp-advanced-policy-config.adoc#ztp-using-hub-cluster-templates_ztp-advanced-policy-config`

* xref:../operators/operator_sdk/java/osdk-java-updating-projects.adoc#osdk-upgrading-projects_osdk-java-updating-projects[Updating Java-based Operator projects]

[discrete]
[id="ocp-4-12-logical-volume-manager-storage"]
=== LVM Operator is now called Logical Volume Manager Storage

The LVM Operator that was previously delivered with {rh-storage-first} requires installation through the {rh-storage}.
In {product-title} v4.12, the LVM Operator has been renamed _Logical Volume Manager Storage_.
Now, you install it as a standalone Operator from the OpenShift Operator catalog.
Logical Volume Manager Storage provides dynamic provisioning of block storage on a single, limited resources {sno} cluster.

> 

Reviewer 4: LGTM

|Not Available
|Technology Preview

> |{cgu-operator}

Reviewer 2: Should this be `cgu-operator-first`, where it has been so long since the full name was mentioned?

Author: yes, I agree.

Author: makes sense, yes.
